“A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read.”
Terry Pratchett, “Guards! Guards!”
“Books were safer than other people anyway.”
Neil Gaiman, “The Ocean at the End of the Lane”
“Reality doesn’t always give us the life that we desire, but we can always find what we desire between the pages of books.”
Adelise M. Cullens
“Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.”
Alberto Manguel, “A Reading Diary”
“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go.”
Dr. Seuss, “I Can Read With My Eyes Shut!”
“You can get lost in any library, no matter the size. But the more lost you are, the more things you’ll find.”
Millie Florence, “Lydia Green Of Mulberry Glen”
“Reading is an act of civilization; it’s one of the greatest acts of civilization because it takes the free raw material of the mind and builds castles of possibilities.”
Ben Okri
“I love the sound of the pages flicking against my fingers. Print against fingerprints. Books make people quiet, yet they are so loud.”
Nnedi Okorafor
“Books are a uniquely portable magic.”
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft
“That’s the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet.”
Jhumpa Lahiri, “The Namesake”
“Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you.”
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, “The Shadow of the Wind”
“The whole world opened to me when I learned to read.”
Mary McLeod Bethune
“A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.”
George R.R. Martin, “A Dance with Dragons”
“Libraries will get you through times of no money better than money will get you through times of no libraries.”
Anne Herbert
“I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.”
Jorge Luis Borges
“I believe there is power in words, power in asserting our existence, our experience, our lives, through words.”
Jesmyn Ward, “The Fire this Time”
“Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.”
Harper Lee, “To Kill a Mockingbird”
“I read a book one day and my whole life was changed.”
Orhan Pamuk, “The New Life”
“No. I can survive well enough on my own — if given the proper reading material.”
Sarah J. Maas, “Throne of Glass”
“Once I began to read, I began to exist. I am what I read.”
Walter Dean Myers, “Open a World of Possible”
“Reading one book is like eating one potato chip.”
Diane Duane, “So You Want to Be a Wizard”
“Books don’t offer real escape, but they can stop a mind scratching itself raw.”
David Mitchell, “Cloud Atlas”
“I love the solitude of reading. I love the deep dive into someone else’s story, the delicious ache of a last page.”
Naomi Shihab Nye
“Reading is an active, imaginative act; it takes work.”
Khaled Hosseini
“It is well known that reading quickens the growth of a heart like nothing else.”
Catherynne M. Valente, “The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making”
“A well-read woman is a dangerous creature.”
Lisa Kleypas, “A Wallflower Christmas”
“The problem with books is that they end.”
Caroline Kepnes, “You”
“When I look back, I am so impressed again with the life-giving power of literature.”
Maya Angelou
“In principle and reality, libraries are life-enhancing palaces of wonder.”
Gail Honeyman, “Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine”
“I am an omnivorous reader with a strangely retentive memory for trifles.”
Arthur Conan Doyle, “The Complete Sherlock Holmes”
“When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.”
Jane Austen, “Pride and Prejudice”
“The ability to read awoke inside of me some long dormant craving to be mentally alive.”
Malcolm X, “The Autobiography of Malcolm X”
“You see, unlike in the movies, there is no THE END sign flashing at the end of books. When I’ve read a book, I don’t feel like I’ve finished anything. So I start a new one.”
Elif Shafak, “The Bastard of Istanbul”
“Read. Read. Read. Just don’t read one type of book. Read different books by various authors so that you develop different style.”
R.L. Stine
“In the end, we’ll all become stories.”
Margaret Atwood, “Moral Disorder and Other Stories”
“If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.”
Haruki Murakami, “Norwegian Wood”
"Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home."
Anna Quindlen
"Today a reader, tomorrow a leader."
Margaret Fuller
"A word after a word after a word is power."
Margaret Atwood
"One glance at a book and you hear the voice of another person, perhaps someone dead for 1,000 years. To read is to voyage through time."
Carl Sagan
"Show me a family of readers, and I will show you the people who move the world."
Napoleon Bonaparte
"A book is a garden, an orchard, a storehouse, a party, a company by the way, a counselor, a multitude of counselors."
Charles Baudelaire
"When I look back, I am so impressed again with the life-giving power of literature. If I were a young person today, trying to gain a sense of myself in the world, I would do that again by reading, just as I did when I was young."
Maya Angelou
"Reading should not be presented to children as a chore, a duty. It should be offered as a gift."
Kate DiCamillo
"I think books are like people, in the sense that they’ll turn up in your life when you most need them."
Emma Thompson
"It wasn't until I started reading and found books they wouldn't let us read in school that I discovered you could be insane and happy and have a good life without being like everybody else."
John Waters
"Books are a uniquely portable magic."
Stephen King, “On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft”
"Books are mirrors: You only see in them what you already have inside you."
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, “The Shadow of the Wind”
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
Fran Lebowitz
"Let’s be reasonable and add an eighth day to the week that is devoted exclusively to reading."
Lena Dunham
"A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe."
Madeleine L'Engle
“Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.”
Harper Lee
“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”
C.S. Lewis
“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.”
Groucho Marx
“So please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away, and in its place you can install a lovely bookshelf on the wall.”
Roald Dahl
“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go.”
Dr. Seuss
“Books are a uniquely portable magic.”
Stephen King
“I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.”
Robert Louis Stevenson
“The person who deserves most pity is a lonesome one on a rainy day who doesn’t know how to read.”
Benjamin Franklin
“There is more treasure in books than in all the pirate’s loot on Treasure Island.”
Walt Disney
“We are of opinion that instead of letting books grow moldy behind an iron grating, far from the vulgar gaze, it is better to let them wear out by being read.”
Jules Verne
“My alma mater was books, a good library…. I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity.”
Malcolm X
“I have a passion for teaching kids to become readers, to become comfortable with a book, not daunted. Books shouldn’t be daunting, they should be funny, exciting and wonderful; and learning to be a reader gives a terrific advantage.”
Roald Dahl
“Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself.”
George Bernard Shaw
“Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren’t very new after all.”
Abraham Lincoln
“The man who does not read good books is no better than the man who can’t.”
Mark Twain
“Show me a family of readers, and I will show you the people who move the world.”
Napoléon Bonaparte
“I guess there are never enough books.”
John Steinbeck
“Despite the enormous quantity of books, how few people read! And if one reads profitably, one would realize how much stupid stuff the vulgar herd is content to swallow every day.”
Voltaire
“If you don’t like to read, you haven’t found the right book.”
J.K. Rowling
“There is no Frigate like a Book To take us Lands away.”
Emily Dickinson
“The reading of all good books is like a conversation with the finest minds of past centuries.”
Rene Descartes
“That’s the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet.”
Jhumpa Lahiri, “The Namesake”
“I love the way that each book - any book - is its own journey. You open it, and off you go…”
Sharon Creech
“Reading is an exercise in empathy; an exercise in walking in someone else’s shoes for a while.”
Malorie Blackman
“A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading.”
William Styron
“Reading is escape, and the opposite of escape; it's a way to make contact with reality after a day of making things up, and it's a way of making contact with someone else's imagination after a day that's all too real.”
Nora Ephron
“Reading makes immigrants of us all. It takes us away from home, but more important, it finds homes for us everywhere.”
Jean Rhys
“Reading is important. If you know how to read, then the whole world opens up to you.”
Barack Obama
“That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you’re not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong.”
F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Books may well be the only true magic.”
Alice Hoffman, “Magic Lessons”
“Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.”
Alberto Manguel, “A Reading Diary: A Passionate Reader's Reflections on a Year of Books”
“Reading is an active, imaginative act; it takes work.”
Khaled Hosseini
“It is known that reading quickens the growth of a heart like nothing else.”
Catherynne M. Valente, “The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making”
“If you would tell me the heart of a man, tell me not what he reads, but what he rereads.”
François Mauriac
“To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.”
W. Somerset Maugham, “Books And You”
“I don't read a book; I hold a conversation with the author.”
Elbert Hubbard
“Some books are so familiar that reading them is like being home again.”
Louisa May Alcott, “Little Women”
“Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly.”
Sir Francis Bacon
“Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another's skin, another's voice, another's soul.”
Joyce Carol Oates
“Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Let's not forget this.”
Dave Eggers
“The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.”
George Orwell, “1984”
“Many a book is like a key to unknown chambers within the castle of one's own self.”
Franz Kafka
“Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labelled ‘This could change your life.’”
Helen Exley
“There are some books that reached through the noise of life to grab you by the collar and speak only of the truest things.”
Jeffrey Eugenides, “The Marriage Plot”
“Reading is essential for those who seek to rise about the ordinary.”
Jim Rohn
“The story is truly finished-and meaning is made-not when the author adds the last period, but when the reader enters.”
Celeste Ng
“One must always be careful of books, and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.”
Cassandra Clare, “Clockwork Angel”
“Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.”
Charles W. Eliot
“Books should go where they will be most appreciated, and not sit unread, gathering dust on a forgotten shelf, don't you agree?”
Christopher Paolini